echo "Первая версия" >> file.txt
git add file.txt
git commit -m "Второй commit"
git push

echo "Вторая версия" >> file.txt
git add file.txt
git commit -m "Второй commit"
git push

echo "Третья версия" >> file.txt
git add file.txt
git commit -m "Третий commit"
git push

echo "Четвертая версия" >> file.txt
git add file.txt
git commit -m "Четвертый commit"
git push

echo "Пятая версия" >> file.txt
git add file.txt
git commit -m "Пятый commit"
git push

echo "Шестая версия" >> file.txt
git add file.txt
git commit -m "Шестой commit"
git push

echo "Шестая версия" >> file.txt
git add file.txt
git commit -m "Шестой commit"
git push

echo "Шестая версия" >> file.txt
git add file.txt
git commit -m "Шестой commit"
git push

echo "Шестая версия" >> file.txt
git add file.txt
git commit -m "Шестой commit"
git push

echo "Шестая версия" >> file.txt
git add file.txt
git commit -m "Шестой commit"
git push

echo "Шестая версия" >> file.txt
git add file.txt
git commit -m "Шестой commit"
git push
